Windows installation via conda-forge (#185)
ignitionrobotics/ign-math: tutorials/installation.md

    sudo apt-get install swig
    ```

#### Windows 10

First, follow the [ign-cmake](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-cmake) tutorial for building from source on Windows.

The optional Eigen component of Ignition Math requires:

>   * [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page). Refer to the [Eigen Documentation](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page#Documentation) for installation instructions. On Windows, we will use `conda` to instsall Eigen:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Eigen](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page). Refer to the [Eigen Documentation](http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page#Documentation) for installation instructions. On Windows, we will use `conda` to install Eigen:
```

    sudo apt-get install swig
    ```

#### Windows 10

> First, follow the [ign-cmake](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-cmake) tutorial for installing Conda, Visual Studio, CMake, etc., prerequisites, and creating a Conda environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First, follow the [ign-cmake](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ign-cmake) tutorial for installing Conda, Visual Studio, CMake, other prerequisites, and also for creating a Conda environment.
```

Small verbiage nit
